---
layout: default
title: Connection details
parent: Access deployments
---

# Connection details

Connection details for a deployment are displayed under **Connection details**
on the deployment overview page. This section provides all information required
to connect to your GlareDB deployment.

![Connection details]

## Connection strings

GlareDB use the Postgres wire protocol, and our connection strings follow the
same format. A full connection generated by GlareDB will look like the
following:

```
postgresql://dEVytoQ7kXWZ:glaredb_pw_2QgP0HFpMdteKrHpav7utHPVIsY7@glaredbteam.proxy.glaredb.com:6543/dedicated
```

Breaking this down, we have the following information:

- **user**: dEVytoQ7kXWZ (randomly generated by GlareDB)
- **password**: glaredb_pw_2QgP0HFpMdteKrHpav7utHPVIsY7 (randomly generated by
  GlareDB)
- **hostname**: glaredbteam.proxy.glaredb.com
- **port**: 6543
- **database**: dedicated

The **hostname** also includes the organization which contains the deployment.
In this example, the organization is "glaredbteam".

## Generating new passwords

A new username and password combo can be generated by clicking the **New
password** button. A randomly generated username and password will be displayed.
The password will only be displayed once.

![New password]

Also note that when a new password is generated, the connection string will be
populated with that password allowing for easy copy and pasting into the client
of your choice.

See [Managing passwords] for more on passwords.

[Managing passwords]: /docs/connect/managing-passwords
[Connection details]: /assets/images/connection-details.png
[New password]: /assets/images/new-password.png

