---
layout: default
title: Connection details
parent: Access deployments
---

# Connection details

Connection details for a deployment can be accessed from the main page from the
**Connection details** accordion:

![Connection details]

or the **SQL workspace** from the **Connect**
button:

![Connect button]

## Connection strings

GlareDB uses the Postgres wire protocol, and our connection strings follow the
same format. A full connection generated by GlareDB will look like the
following:

```text
postgresql://dEVytoQ7kXWZ:glaredb_pw_2QgP0HFpMdteKrHpav7utHPVIsY7@glaredbteam.proxy.glaredb.com:6543/dedicated
```

Breaking this down, we have the following information:

- **user**: `dEVytoQ7kXWZ` (randomly generated by GlareDB)
- **password**: `glaredb_pw_2QgP0HFpMdteKrHpav7utHPVIsY7` (randomly generated by
  GlareDB)
- **hostname**: `glaredbteam.proxy.glaredb.com`
- **port**: `6543`
- **database**: `dedicated`

The **hostname** also includes the organization which contains the deployment.
In this example, the organization is "glaredbteam".

## Generating new passwords

{: .important}

> Password are only ever shown once. Store your password somewhere secure, as it
> can never be retrieved again. In cases where you forget your password, simply
> generate a new one. There is a limit to how many passwords can be generated
> for a deployment.

A new username and password combo can be generated by clicking the **New
password** button. A randomly generated username and password will be displayed.
The password will only be displayed once.

![New password]

Also note that when a new password is generated, the connection string will be
populated with that password allowing for easy copy and pasting into the client
of your choice.

See [Managing passwords] for more on passwords.

[Connection details]: /assets/images/cloud/connect/connection-details.png
[Connect button]: /assets/images/cloud/connect/connect-button.png
[Managing passwords]: /cloud/access/managing-passwords/
[New password]: /assets/images/cloud/connect/new-password.png
